`azurerm_site_recovery_replicated_vm` - deprecate `network_interace.target_*` property, add `network_interface.ip_configuration.*` (#30562)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/site_recovery_replicated_vm.html.markdown

A `network_interface` block supports the following:

* `source_network_interface_id` - (Required) Id source network interface.

* `ip_configuration` - (Optional) IP configuration to assign when a failover is done. One or more `ip_configuration` blocks as defined below.

---

The `ip_configuration` block supports the following:

> * `name` - (Optional) (Required when there are more than 1 `ip_configuration` block) Name of the IP configuration, must be consistent with the name of the IP configuration of the source virtual machine.

Reviewer: to stay consistent with how we usually document conditional requirements, please move `` Required when there are more than 1 `ip_configuration` block `` to a note

* `source_network_interface_id` - (Optional) (Required if the network_interface block is specified) Id source network interface.

> * `ip_configuration` - (Optional) IP configuration to assign when a failover is done. One or more `ip_configuration` block as defined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ip_configuration` - (Optional) IP configuration to assign when a failover is done. One or more `ip_configuration` blocks as defined below.
```

---

The `ip_configuration` block supports the following:

> * `name` - (Required) Name of the IP configuration, must be consistent with the name of IP configuration of source VM.

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) Name of the IP configuration, must be consistent with the name of the IP configuration of the source virtual machine.
```

> * `is_primary` - (Optional) Whether this IP configuration is primary? Must be specified if there is more than 1 `ip_configuration`.

Reviewer: Previously `isPrimary` was hardcoded to `true` since only 1 IP config could could be specified, what's the behaviour if only 1 `ip_configuration` block is specified without setting `is_primary = true`?

I noticed in the tests that all of them have marked at least 1 `ip_configuration` block with `is_primary = true` but since it's optional we should confirm whether omitting it entirely is possible

The `ip_configuration` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional) Name of the IP configuration, which must be consistent with the name of the IP configuration of the source virtual machine.

> ~> **Note:** `name` is required when more than one `ip_configuration` block is specified.

Reviewer: This is marked as required in the schema
